YouTube Help

  * Account
  * Search
  * Maps
  * YouTube
  * Play
  * News
  * Gmail
  * Meet
  * Chat
  * Contacts
  * Drive
  * Calendar
  * Translate
  * Photos
  * Duo
  * Chrome
  * Shopping

  * Docs
  * Sheets
  * Slides
  * Books
  * Blogger
  * Hangouts
  * Keep
  * Jamboard
  * Earth
  * Collections
  * Arts and Culture
  * Google Ads
  * Podcasts
  * Travel
  * Forms

More from Google

Sign in

Google Help

  * Help Center
    * Fix a problem
    * Watch videos
    * Manage your account & settings
    * Supervised experience on YouTube
    * Join & manage YouTube Premium
    * Create & grow your channel
    * Monetize with the YouTube Partner Program
    * Policy, safety, & copyright
  * Community
  * YouTube

  * Privacy Policy
  * YouTube Terms of Service
  * Submit feedback

Send feedback on...

This help content & information

General Help Center experience

Next

Help CenterCommunity

YouTube

  * Fix a problem

Troubleshoot problems playing videosTroubleshoot account issuesFix upload
problemsFix YouTube Premium membership issuesGet help with the YouTube Partner
Program

  * Watch videos

Find videos to watchChange video settingsWatch videos on different
devicesComment, subscribe, & connect with creatorsSave or share videos &
playlistsTroubleshoot problems playing videosPurchase and watch movies and TV
shows

  * Manage your account & settings

Sign up and manage your accountManage account settingsManage privacy
settingsManage accessibility settingsTroubleshoot account issues

  * Supervised experience on YouTube
  * Join & manage YouTube Premium

Learn about YouTube Premium benefitsManage Premium membershipManage Premium
billingGet a YouTube Premium family planSign up for a student Premium
membershipFix YouTube Premium membership issuesTroubleshoot billing & charge
issuesPurchase a pre-paid plan for YouTube Premium

  * Create & grow your channel

Upload videosEdit videos & video settingsCustomize & manage your
channelAnalyze performance with analyticsTranslate videos & captionsManage
your community & commentsLive stream on YouTube

  * Monetize with the YouTube Partner Program

YouTube Partner Program BasicsEarn money on YouTubeGet help with the YouTube
Partner ProgramUnderstand ad policies for advertisersYouTube for Content
Managers

  * Policy, safety, & copyright

YouTube policiesReporting and enforcementPrivacy and safety centerCopyright
and rights management

  * YouTube policies
  * Violent criminal organizations policy

# Violent criminal organizations policy

  

The safety of our creators, viewers, and partners is our highest priority. We
look to each of you to help us protect this unique and vibrant community. It’s
important you understand our Community Guidelines, and the role they play in
our shared responsibility to keep YouTube safe. **T** **ake the time to
carefully read the policy below**. You can also check out this page for a full
list of our guidelines.

Content intended to praise, promote, or aid violent criminal organizations is
not allowed on YouTube. These organizations are not allowed to use YouTube for
any purpose, including recruitment.

If you find content that violates this policy, report it. Instructions for
reporting violations of our Community Guidelines are available here. If you've
found a few videos or comments that you would like to report, you can report
the channel.

If you believe anyone is in immediate danger, you should reach out to your
local law enforcement agency to report the situation immediately.

## What this means for you

#### If you're posting content

Don’t post content on YouTube if it fits any of the descriptions noted below.

  * Content produced by violent criminal or terrorist organizations
  * Content praising or memorializing prominent terrorist or criminal figures in order to encourage others to carry out acts of violence
  * Content praising or justifying violent acts carried out by violent criminal or terrorist organizations
  * Content aimed at recruiting new members to violent criminal or terrorist organizations
  * Content depicting hostages or posted with the intent to solicit, threaten, or intimidate on behalf of a violent criminal or terrorist organization
  * Content that depicts the insignia, logos, or symbols of violent criminal or terrorist organizations in order to praise or promote them

If posting content related to terrorism or crime for an educational,
documentary, scientific, or artistic purpose, be mindful to provide enough
information in the video or audio itself so viewers understand the context.
Graphic or controversial footage with sufficient context may be subject to
age-restrictions or a warning screen.

This policy applies to videos, video descriptions, comments, live streams, and
any other YouTube product or feature.  Please note this is not a complete
list.

## Examples

Here are some examples of content that’s not allowed on YouTube.

  * Raw and unmodified reuploads of content created by terrorist or criminal organizations
  * Celebrating terrorist leaders or their crimes in songs or memorials
  * Celebrating terrorist or criminal organizations in songs or memorials
  * Content directing users to sites that espouse terrorist ideology, are used to disseminate prohibited content, or are used for recruitment
  * Video game content which has been developed or modified (“modded”) to glorify a violent event, its perpetrators, or support violent criminal or terrorist organizations

Please remember these are just some examples, and don't post content if you
think it might violate this policy.

## What happens if content violates this policy

If your content violates this policy, we’ll remove the content and send you an
email to let you know. If this is your first time violating our Community
Guidelines, you’ll get a warning with no penalty to your channel. If it’s not,
we’ll issue a strike against your channel. If you get 3 strikes, your channel
will be terminated. You can learn more about our strikes system here.

###
![](//www.gstatic.com/images/icons/material/system/1x/video_library_grey600_24dp.png)
Visit Creator Academy for more

Would you rather learn about our Community Guidelines through videos and
quizzes? Check out our Creator Academy course.

Was this helpful?

How can we improve it?

YesNo

Submit

true

#### YouTube policies

  * Best practices for creators
  * Spam & deceptive practices 
  * Sensitive content
  * Violent or dangerous content
  * Regulated goods
  * Legal policies

  * ©2021 Google 
  * Privacy Policy
  * YouTube Terms of Service

catalàdanskDeutschEnglish (United Kingdom)españolespañol
(Latinoamérica)FilipinofrançaishrvatskiIndonesiaitalianolatviešulietuviųmagyarNederlandsnorskpolskiportuguêsportuguês
(Brasil)românăslovenčinaslovenščinasuomisvenskaTiếng
ViệtTürkçečeštinaΕλληνικάбългарскирусскийсрпскиукраїнськаעבריתالعربيةहिन्दीไทย中文（简体）中文（繁體）日本語한국어
English

Enable Dark Mode

Send feedback on...

This help content & information General Help Center experience

Search

Clear search

Close search

Google apps

Main menu

Search Help Center

true

59

false

